>Programming is an ever changing process.  It is a field that will keep continuously learning.  This is, also, a field that you will be always working with other people to accomplish a goal.  From what I have been able to learn so far, this is a field that really needs team work.  I have been finding things to learn my whole life and enjoy it.  I have done some programming with excel and access when I needed a way to track things and keep organized.  This activity keeps me engaged when I am doing it.  I have gone to several website including the ADA jump start to check out the programming.  I bought a few books on HTML, CSS, github and javascript as reference.   There is enough information available for me to learn it on my own but I would learn faster and it would be a whole lot more fun to learn in a group.  I have gone to several meeting that were held through Code Fellows and General Assembly to learn more about programming.<

>I see myself in five years as a frontend developer if I am accepted into the ADA program.  I would be learning different languages as I grow and understanding other aspects of the programming world.  I see myself as part of the ADA program for life.  I like what this program stands for and I want to be a part of it.  I want to be able to give back and by helping the ADA program is a great way to do that.  The program is helping so many people but to do that we must help too.<

>During the training period, I see myself helping others and others helping me to understand the programming logic.  I see myself as a part of the team to not leave anyone behind.  I will be there for everyone no matter who they are because working together as a team helps the world go round.  I wish to be a part of the ADA team for life.  I want to help others accomplish their goal.  This is not just a class to me this is a life long journey, one I want to be a part of always.  I love what this program stands for…helping others.<

>As for mistakes…we go through our lives making mistakes.  This is how we learn.  The bigger the mistake, the more we learn.  I have made many mistakes in my life and if I could go back with all the knowledge I have gained over the years, I would change a lot of things like not quitting school at 15 and getting my GED instead.  I always loved school and still love to learn, but I was angry with the school for making me take the same classes again that I had taken the year before in a different school.  I would have gone back to school and took one English course to change my Electronic certificate in to an Associate’s degree.  I had to learn to apologize to my children and others when I was wrong.  I have learned to own my mistakes and not be afraid to say I was wrong.<
